So I don't know how much time you have right now and I definitely don't want me to be a hassle, so let me know if it's not a good season to do website stuff. (& also, let me know if in future you want me to take over annual domain costs or contribute for hosting or ???? I really don't want to be a burden.)

this website seems like an okay model for what a writer's website looks like at this early-career stage: http://lucyrtan.com/

(also check out her agent/agency. they might be cool? I can't tell if they've managed to land books with major/cool publishers, but they seem like interesting ppl...)

Except that I don't want to write a lot about myself, nor do I think I actually have enough info to justify many tabs. (I'd be okay with it if the site had like 3 tabs, and I'd be okay with it if the site had no tabs & all the info arrayed on the home page.) It might also be handy to tell people how to contact me, but I reeeeally don't want to give out my email address... idk how to handle that. I could direct them to my twitter in my little about-me thing? (I definitely don't want embedded tweets, I never tweet interesting things.)

anyway, I'm going to provide all the data, I guess?

*********
categories: about, publications, awards & honors

about
Janet Towle divides her time between northern California and southern Arizona. She’s working on a collection of short stories and a novel. Find her on Twitter @janettowle.

publications
Carve Magazine, Fall 2016: “And it is my fault”
Eleven Eleven, Issue 21: “Plumbed”
The Normal School, Fall 2015: “Lodestone & Weathervane”

awards & honors

Raymond Carver Short Story Contest, First Place, 2016
(tab) judged by Caitlin Horrocks and awarded by Carve Magazine

LaVerne Harrell Clark Fiction Award, 2016
(tab) judged by Stacey Richter and awarded by the Poetry Center at the University of Arizona

AWP Intro Awards in Nonfiction, Honorable Mention, 2016

Foundation Award in Fiction, 2015
(tab) judged by Jennine Capó Crucet, awarded by the Creative Writing MFA Program at the University of Arizona

Foundation Award in Nonfiction, Runner-up, 2015
(tab) judged by Phillip Lopate, awarded by the Creative Writing MFA Program at the University of Arizona
